# InspireAR

People struggle to work effectively in a home environment, so we were looking for ways to make it more engaging. Our team came up with the idea for InspireAR because we wanted to design a web app that could motivate remote workers be more organized in a fun and interesting way. Augmented reality seemed very fascinating to us, so we came up with the idea of InspireAR.

InspireAR is built using the Django web-based framework. New users are able to generate unique 7 digit codes that act as their ID to interact with the app. Users are also able to create tasks, setting the estimated time of completion and estimated priority. These attributes can be updated to reflect changing circumstances. Once the task is completed, the user can click the "Complete" button and the task disappears from their list. Once all tasks are completed, the user is redirected to a QR-code which links to a 3D AR-model developped by EchoAR. The user can tinker with this and place it on various surfaces using their smartphone camera. The user can then register this model to their seven digit code. For every day the user finishes all tasks, they get a new object and the user is able to view their wallet of rewards at any time. The idea is that these rewards would motivate people to work effectively despite remote work. The website was developped by Aryan Dhar, with support from Connor Burns.

Nathan DeGoey also developed an AR Unity mobile application, with support from Salvador Neri, to coagulate different models so they can be placed in the user's surroundings, allowing the user to create their dream office space. The app and website are not explicitly linked yet which opens avenues for further development in this project. This app uses echoAR to fetch the 3D-Models.

